hello for this craft you're going to
need this micro polar fabric in red
and blank or the fabric that you have well
thread and needle scissors lighter
pen
a different piece to hang our
keychain in hot silicone a clamp
of listeria and this ring of key ring
let's start cutting in a
cardboard a square with our
measurements and we will move it to the web
white of this we're going to get 6
squares ok you will also draw in
cardboard the word love or what can
get internet and you'll move on to the
red cloth, look at this for the face
reverse and the molds you also have to
get it out this way
Now place your squares and the
letters for that you have to have
past already taught the edges so that
has been that he does not vote for those experts and
you will stick it with silicone
since you have pasted all your letters
let's start sewing by joining faces
tion as studying the horita and you will
begin to know about here you can
do it also with a machine if it is
you have but in this case I will do it by hand
When you finish sewing it will stay like that
and now we are going to do the same with the
next letter and do all the
letters
while the faces and sewing
and when it's over, only the
What is it
when I'm closed once
square will be to start putting what
which are two squares that will go first
in the base first with which the base goes
with your photo around
and now if you know the square that will go in
The top
when you have finished giving the first
back in the next round you go to
take your tape and the base fold and you go
to put in here leaving these tabs
and the mass things
now if you are going to know these faces that
are missing leaving open this for
to be able to turn around and put what is
filling
in this case I am using this type
filling but you do not have this
filling you can use our ribbon
fabric that you have left of your
jobs
when you have finished filling
Now let's close that hole to
double is towards the inside and the
small stitches
now help yourself with your jewelery pieces
to hang what is to see
and girls ready is this how we stayed
you do not want to use it as a keychain
you can also use what are those
pieces to hang on what is the
glass or you can make it bigger as
This her for decoration use
a printed fabric to combine and the
it's really nice you can
use it as a keychain as decoration or
make it smaller I hope that you
have liked to subscribe be commented and we
we see in the next video